Running Notes of @akshaymarch7  's session on 01-01-2023:

Writing Scripts in package.json.

*Q. What converts New Code to Older Code(For older version Browsers)? 
A: Babel 
We do not need to write polyfill. Babel does it automatically.

npx - executing commands without downloading packages
npm - will download required packages

Note: Parcel will not remove console.log automatically. We need to configure for it. There is a package for it, named 'babel-plugin-transform-remove-console' either from babel website or npmjs website: npm install babel-plugin-transform-remove-console --save-dev /-D

Usage: 1.via .babelrc (recommended)
    2. via CLI
    3. via NodeAPI

React-key Reconciliation :
When there are siblings in an array, we need to give keys for each sibling
HW: Read about React-key Reconciliation from React Docs.

React.createElement gives us an Object, which is then converted to html and puts into DOM
JSX uses React.createElement (behind the scenes), which gives Object, and then into HTML, and it is put into DOM
Babel does it. Babel converts JSX. JSX was developed by Facebook.
Babel is must to use JSX.

Q. Is JSX HTML inside JS? No. 
A: JSX is a HTML like Syntax, and not HTML inside JS.

Babel: Compiler for JS.
Read Babel Docs: babeljs.io
Play with Babel in it's website.
Babel comes along with Parcel.

Also Go to it's GitHub Repo, and read about its algorithms.

React Component:
2 Types:
1. Functional Component- NEW
2. Class Based Component - OLD

Functional Comp is just a normal function that returns some piece of JSX, or a react element, or a function. 

Name of a Component starts with a Capital Letter (not mandatory, but good practice to use)

If we have to write multiple lines to be returned in a component, we need to use ()and ; at the end.

 For Homework, use Normal Convention.

Continued... Part 2

Hope it was Helpful ??
Notes Part 2:

Diff b/n React Element & React Component:

React Element is returning an Object.
React Component is a function that returns JSX, or a react element, or a function.

Syntax When rendering:
For React Element, We use root.render(element_name);
For React Component, We use Angular brackets: root.render(<ComponentName />);

 Any piece of Javascript code can be written within {} 

XSS - Cross site scripting (XSS) is an attack in which an attacker injects malicious executable scripts into the code of a trusted application or website. Attackers often initiate an XSS attack by sending a malicious link to a user and enticing the user to click it.

JSX takes care of XSS.

*Interview Q: Component Composition:
A: Writing/ Passing component inside component.

Home Work:
1. Read about React-key Reconciliation from React Docs.
2. Do Whatever Akshay did in the Session.

*

Hope it was Helpful ??